READ THIS ALL THE WAY THROUGH BEFORE BEGINNING TO DESIGN AND CODE

 

Create a City class containing the attributes from the file: US_Cities_Data.csv

Requirements:

Store the City objects in a hash map - a vector of vectors of City objects. Implement at least three different hash functions: one "bad" hash function, one "better" hash function, and finally the "best" hash function.  Remember that a good hash map/function avoids collisions as best that it can. 
You will be hashing on the city name for entry into the hash table.
You do not need to implement a collision resolution since you are creating a vector of vectors.
You may choose the number of buckets - this will affect your number of collisions as well.  Once a table size is chosen do not change it when implementing the 3 different hash functions.
Display all data in all buckets.  Display something like this:
Bucket 0: city1 (all data on one line is fine, but make it neat in columns)
                 city2
                 city3
                ....
Bucket 1: city4
                 city5
                 city6
                 ...
etc.
Display the number of collisions in the case of the bad hash, the better hash and the best hash.  Depending on your hash functions and table size, this number should be different for everyone.  Collisions in the case of a vector of vectors is just the size of the vector at each index.  Display this number after the table is displayed.
Provide a menu to the user instead of just "data dumping" all hash maps at once.  The menu should have menu options something like this: 
1.  Display table with bad hash
2.  Display table with better hash
3.  Display table with best hash
4.  Exit
Include a short paragraph with analysis of your hash functions.  Describe the logic behind your hash functions.  What improvements did you make each time?  Did you come up with your hash functions on your own or did you use AI?  If you used AI give credit where credit is due and also provide your prompt.  Comment on the clustering and distribution with each hash function.
HINTS:

Use the HashMapVector(h).txt file provided on the schedule under 4/28/25.  This class has a vector of vectors as it's attribute and performs the insertion into the table for you.  You will need to change insert() a bit - pass in a City object and hash on the city name.
Include block comment descriptions 

Deliverables (zipped into a single folder named Lab7):

HashMapVector.h
main.cpp (or another appropriate name given to the file with main())
Utilities.h (if you've used these)
Menu.h (yes, put all functionality in the .h file - you can even put your methods inline in the specification if you'd like in this class)
HashAnalysis.docx (or .txt)
the data file
